Add `SharedUnionFieldsDeep` type (#783)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`ArrayValues`](source/array-values.d.ts) - Provides all values for a constant array or tuple.
- [`SetFieldType`](source/set-field-type.d.ts) - Create a type that changes the type of the given keys.
- [`Paths`](source/paths.d.ts) - Generate a union of all possible paths to properties in the given object.

> - [`SharedUnionFieldsDeep`](source/shared-union-fields-deep.d.ts) - Create a deep version of anther object that has the shared fields of the given union object type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`SharedUnionFieldsDeep`](source/shared-union-fields-deep.d.ts) - Create a type with shared fields from a union of object types, deeply traversing nested structures.
```
